Meaning and use of this repository (python web client)
=============================

Without loading the Git repo into your file system, you can't start.  If you haven't
done that already, do so, so that this file appears in the top-level directory,
named 'python'.

Step 1.  Acquire prerequisites.
=================
You will need python 2.7 and python 3.4; the latter should be findable as "python3" in
the default search path, or none of this will work.   This is due to the vexing need
to test all pytha on any platform.  Means for acquiring python 3 will differ by
OS platform.

You must acquire and install the python "virtualenv" package in your python 2.7; the building and testing will use to protect you from having to install yet more, and test the
availability of those latter packages.

Step 2. Run mvn
==============
No matter what your goal, you must run mvn in this directory, with no arguments.
"mvn clean" beforehand or as one target is optional.  mvn will set up and build
whatever so requires.  It will also test the client package against
jugmaster.basistech.net because it has to test somewhere.  The URL lives in the
pom in the "setup" directory.   Tests will be run against python 2 and python 3.

Epydoc documentation will be produced to the target/html subdirectory of this
directory.   A Rosette-1.0.tar.gz distribution package will be produced to
the rosette/dist subdirectory.  Samples will be in the samples directory.
If any  of those are what you wanted, copy them out and delete the tree or "mvn clean" and you're done.

Step 3. To use the code where it now lives
=============
Write your python setup to include the "rosette" subdirectory of this
directory as the home of the "rosette" package, and follow the documentation.
Should work for Python 2 or 3.

4. To make a distribution
==================
With the file tree in the above state, using Python 2, cd to the "rosette" subdirectory
and

python setup.py sdist

A python-type gzip sdist distribution will be (re) created in the dist subdirectory
of rosette.   This currently does not include samples, which are thought to be
part of the documentation, and does not include any of the test mechanism or scripts.

5. To use such a distribution on another system
=================
Put the .tar.gz it in a fresh directory and tar -xf Rosette-1.0.tar.gz
Then

python setup.py install

The rosette package should appear in further uses of whichever python you put
this in.

6. To run the tests again
==================
You can always cd to the top-level "python" directory and "mvn", or ...

With the file tree in the above state (from mvn, not an install), cd to the
"setup" subdirectory.  To test in python 2,

./test_from_shell.sh

To test from Python 3

./test_from_shell3.sh

These tests will hit jugmaster.basistech.net; if you don't like that, change or rewrite
either or both of these one-line scripts to use some other URL.  If a user key is needed,
bind the shell variable RAAS_USER_KEY to its value (this is part of the test api, not
the binding api).

7. To clean up
============
Run "mvn clean" in this directory.  Temporary output including the epydoc will
be expunged.  The virtual envirnoments used to test will be expunged.   Autogenerated
source files will be kept.  All things checked in by git will be kept.

8. Source to be published on public GitHub
============
Right now, the agreed-upon subset of this to be "open-source" published corresponds
exactly to the "rosette" directory.  It does not include any of our maven framework
or testing framework (which latter includes the URL of jugmaster.basistech.net).


